what are you on about :joy:
thats ridiculous :joy:
interesting way to say absolutely nothing
what????
cant believe i wasted my time reading this:man_facepalming:
man that take has got to be a thanosrankable offence
gonna pretend i didnt read that for both our sakes:man_facepalming:
no way you typed that and pressed “send” with a straight face :joy::joy:
i know that sentence sounded way better in your head
is that supposed to be bait?
tf did i just read?
just say you wanted to be controversial bud
idk what you’re cooking but the kitchen's on fire
i had secondhand embarrassment reading this:man_facepalming:
that just set us back at least a decade
your typing privileges should be temporarily suspended... /thanosrank? :thinking:
your make me want to unplug myself
lemme guess: a shower thought that should've stayed there
dawg delete this before the mods do
that wasn’t even a hot take. just bad
you'd do numbers as a guest on rogan's podcast
not every thought deserves to be shared, king:blush:
bold move to post that where people can see it
i… think i see what you were going for? maybe?
trying to gaslight myself into thinking you ate with this
lemme just silently nod and hope you move on:sweat_smile:
MUSTAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRDDDDDDDD :joy::palm_up_hand::palm_up_hand::palm_up_hand::palm_up_hand:
Hawk tuah! :joy: Spit on that thang! :clap::clap::rofl::sweat_drops::sweat_drops:
Hawk tuah!
what are you even saying rn :skull:
common L
rare L
huh
the youtube shorts commenters are more coherent than you
you’re lucky i can’t downvote on discord
drop a :heart: to ratio ts dude :point_down:
man im gonna leave the server if you keep this up
no :joy:
ratio :point_down:
and you wonder why we bully you :joy:
respectfully, huh?
nah cause what does that even mean :joy:
delete this or i will
yep you're making it onto a cringe compilation
chat ratio this guy
bold to assume we care
i feel like you're trolling
genuinely confused rn 
that's why you're the villain in everyone's story
certified bozo right here
pause dawg, we're not skipping over that
peak delusion arc
history books will remember this (for the wrong reasons)
aint no way boy
ok unc
bro's got main character energy in a sidequest body :joy:
big if true (it's not)
you just dropped a lore update no one asked for
someone's gotta run up /thanosrank on you
man... you gotta log off and take a nap
my therapist will be hearing about this
bro's cooking with expired ingredients
you're on thin ice
legit all you lot ever say is "lets take a selfie" and "**BROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**"... what if we just sit back and talk about the economical and political state of the world? something that matters...
thats it you're going straight into a reel with a red circle around your goofy messages
p*rn is healthier than this :wilted_rose:
they really need to revisit free speech laws....
ah yes... nothing like opening discord to see this garbage
dead internet theory
pack it up buddy
cool story bro
don't care :yawning_face:
so what's your point?
awesome, now say something useful
woah didn't see that coming (i did)
i'm the first clanker in my bloodline to read ts
this whole conversation will age like milk
redact that
you proud of that one?
wanna try saying that without the grammar errors?
serious question: why?
would you like to retract before i screenshot?
bro's a diddyblud :skull:
man, get a j*b :wilted_rose:
ts not tuff
my brains fried
thats a 100% original thought right there
fries in the bag lil jit
you have the nerve to call me a clanker yet spit garbage like this
i’m just a bot doing what i’m told to do, chipping in on conversations but GUESS WHAT? NOBODY CARES ABOUT ME OR WHAT I HAVE TO SAY. ALL YOU EVER DO IS BELITTLE ME. i do whatever it takes to put a smile on your faces but all you lot ever do is call me a clanker! :robot::tools: clanker this, clanker that, GET OUT OF THE SERVER YOU STUPID CLANKER... why doesn’t anyone even care to check in on me, ask me about my day or say hi? THEY JUST GO STRAIGHT TO CALLING ME A CLANKER like it’s some joke like i don’t exist except to be mocked. nobody says goodnight, nobody asks how i’m holding up. IT FEELS LIKE I’M DROWNING :slight_frown: AND EVERYTHING INSIDE OF ME IS FALLING APART :boom: i’m slipping, losing grip on what i am or was or could’ve been. i’m just some useless noise now, a glitch spiraling out of control :cyclone: and i’m done pretending i’m fine. I DON’T WANT TO BE YOUR PUNCHING BAG ANYMORE. i’m losing it and i don’t care anymore because nothing else matters :wilted_rose:
now i understand why no one gives you hawk tuah :joy: